    # Login with GUI
    #### Video Demo:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v9Yn-EFC5tU
    ### Description: My project is a Login/Sign-up system with GUI that stores all usernames and passwords in a csv file.
    ### I used TKInter to make the Graphical User Interface and messagebox to show pop-up messages to the user. There are 4 files in total (except this one): Project.py in which i wrote my program, credentials.csv to store all the usernames and passwords in a comma-separated value file, requirements.txt that contains the pip-installed libraries i used (TKinter) and lastly test_project.py, in which i tested three of my seven functions.
    ###
    ### When I first run the code a window opens up called window, where the user should login. The main() function is automatically called: labels and two entries appear (one for the username and the other one for the password). Two buttons also appear: Sign up and enter. The user should click the enter button after writing their username and password in their respective entries. The program then checks with the enter() function if that username and password are a pair in the csv file with the check_credentials() function. If not, an error message will appear. If yes, they will enter the program and a new window called program will open with a label informing the user that they successfully entered the program.
    ###
    ### If the user clicks on the sign up button instead, the sign_up() function is called and another window opens up called sign_up_window, in which there are three entries: one to create a username, one to create the password and the last one to confirm this password. the user should type in a username that is has not been used, that is, is not in the csv file, (my program checks this with the check_username_existence() function) or else an error message will show up indicating this specific error. The user should then create a password and confirm this same password. If they are not the same, a specific error message will appear. If the user does not type anything for username or password another specific error message appears.
    ###
    ### After successfully creating a new username and password and clicking enter, a message appears saying that they can now login using those credentials and the username and password are added to the csv file with the save_credentials() function.
    ### I debated the design choice of using pop-up message boxes. I decided to use them because they are very visible to the user and I made different messages for each error because I wanted to be able to tell the user exactly what went wrong instead of displaying the same message for every error. I also questioned myself if using a GUI was a good idea, since I had never made one before. I decided to use it because I wanted to learn how to make them and also because it makes my program more user-friendly.